doc/hubble-internals: update Hubble Relay section to reflect current state (#14042)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/hubble.rst

Hubble Relay
------------

Hubble Relay is the Hubble component that brings multi-node support. It
leverages the Peer service to obtain information about Hubble instances and
consume their gRPC API in order to provide a more rich API that covers events
from across the entire cluster (or even multiple clusters in a ClusterMesh
scenario).

Hubble Relay was first introduced as a technology preview with the release of
Cilium v1.8. It is declared stable with the release of Cilium v1.9.

Hubble Relay implements the Observer service for multi-node. To that end, it
maintains a persistent connection with every Hubble peer in a cluster with a
peer manager. This component provides callers with the list of peers. Callers
may report when a peer is unreachable, in which case the peer manager will
attempt to reconnect.

As Hubble Relay connects to every node in a cluster, the Hubble server
instances must make their API available (by default on port 4244). By default,
Hubble server endpoints are secured using mutual TLS (mTLS) when exposed on a

> TCP port in order to limit access to Hubble Relay only.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
TCP port in order to authorize access from Hubble Relay only.
```

Reviewer 2: "limit" is more accurate I think as there are two parts: a) authorization b) sending data. "authorize" only implies a), whereas we want both. If mTLS was only used for authorization and then data was sent over a different channel then "authorize" would be correct.
